Add REAMDE.md for Istio Configuration (#13048)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/istio-configuration/README.md

# Istio Configuration

## Overview

> [Istio](https://istio.io/) is an open platform for providing a uniform way to integrate microservices, manage traffic flow across microservices, enforce policies, and aggregate telemetry data.

Reviewer: maybe let's mention here, that it is a service mesh

The documentation here is for developers only, please follow the installation instructions from [istio.io](https://istio.io/docs/setup/install/istioctl/) for all other use cases.

The Istio Configuration Helm chart consists of:

> - `istio-operator.yaml` file implementing Kyma-specific changes and configuration options,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `istio-operator.yaml` file implementing Kyma-specific changes and configuration options
```

no need for comma/full stop in bullet lists

> - Mutual TLS (mTLS) configuration enabling mTLS cluster-wide in a STRICT mode,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Mutual TLS (mTLS) configuration enabling mTLS cluster-wide in a STRICT mode
```

> - Istio monitoring configuration details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Istio monitoring configuration details
```

> This chart can install the following Istio components:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This chart can install the following Istio components:
```

Can it (optional/in some cases/just some of them) or does it (always?) What's the default?

Author: As line 21 says: "To enable or disable each component, change the corresponding `enabled` flag." I will rephrase it a little bit.

- ingressgateway
- egressgateway

> - pilot

Reviewer: would change it to the istiod

Reviewer: which consists of pilot, citadel and galley

To enable or disable each component, change the corresponding `enabled` flag.

## Installation

> Installation of the Istio Operator requires [Reconciler](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/reconciler/tree/main/pkg/reconciler/instances/istio). Reconciler uses `istioctl` and a rendered `istio-operator.yaml` file to install Istio on a cluster. To install the component run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Installation of the Istio Operator requires [Reconciler](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/reconciler/tree/main/pkg/reconciler/instances/istio). Reconciler uses `istioctl` and a rendered `istio-operator.yaml` file to install Istio on a cluster. To install the component, run:
```

```bash
kyma deploy --components istio-configuration@istio-system
```

## Configuration

> The installation of Istio Operator ships with reasonable defaults. There may be circumstances in which defaults require overrides.

Reviewer 2: What does "reasonable" mean? That the defaults match most use cases? As a reader, I would hope that any defaults are not unreasonable :D 

For "overrides", does it mean that users will change the default values in the values.yaml? I'm asking because we tried to get away from "overrides" as a noun.

```suggestion
The installation of Istio Operator ships with reasonable defaults. There may be circumstances in which you want to change the defaults.
```

Author: I will remove "reasonable" and rephrase.

Author: Yes, they can change the default configuration as described in the **Change Kyma settings** document.
